# Privacy Policy
##### Last Updated: 08. March 2019

This Privacy Policy aims to help you understand what personal information Sheets uses in order to provide its functionality, and how you can update and delete your information.



## Definitions

#### Sheets
The "Sheets - Sheet Music Viewer" App, which this Privacy Policy applies to.

#### Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession)

#### Device
The hardware you have installed Sheets onto (e.g. your iPad) and have used in order to setup the optional Google Drive Backup and Sync ("Sync") functionality.



## Data Collection and Use

We do not collect, process or share any Personal Data from your usage of the Sheets app outside of the Device. The data used to authenticate you and authorize Sheets to provide its Sync functionality only exists locally on your Device. You can find more information about the exact nature of this data in the next section.

If you do not explicitly agree to and manually setup the optional "Sync" functionality, then Sheets does not store any Personal Data on your Device either.

## Explaining the Sync Functionality

This section attempts to make sure that you fully understand the data required by Sheets in order to be able to offer its Sync functionality.

Sheets uses the OAuth 2.0 protocol to authorize requests it makes to your Google Drive.

During the setup, you will be asked to sign into your Google Account and allow Sheets to access and manage your Google Drive files. This is the only way that Sheets will be able to offer its Sync functionality, which includes checking for new files, downloading and uploading new files and synchronizing the file metadata. Other, more restricted access scopes would not allow Sheets to find your existing folder containing your PDF files and import them, and it could not automatically download new files that you add to your Google Drive folder, since you would have to manually give the app a permission for each file that should be synced.

If you consent and authorize Sheets to be able to access and manage the files in your Google Drive, then Google provides Sheets with an access-token.

Sheets has to use this generated token for each request it makes to Google Drive. Sheets will store the access-token securely in the Device's local keychain. None of this data is collected or processed by Sheets anywhere other than the Device or for any other purpose than to make the necessary requests through the Google Drive API.

Note that Sheets never has access to your Google account's E-Mail address or password.

You can decide to withdraw your consent and remove the authorization you have previously decided to provide Sheets for accessing your Google Drive data at any later point in time via the application's settings. In this case, the access-token will be immediately deleted from the Device's keychain.

If you wish to use the Sync functionality after this point in time, you will be required to complete the entire setup process again.

If you want to change the Google Account associated with Sheets, you can also simply redo the setup from within the app settings. This will overwrite the authorization data of the previous setup.

If you have any further questions about this or are having trouble performing any of the mentioned steps above, please [contact us](http://www.keiwando.com/contact).

## Transfer of Data

The Google Drive authorization data mentioned above is the only data used by Sheets in order to offer its functionality. This data - the OAuth 2.0 access-token generated by Google - is only transmitted to the Google Drive API in order to allow Sheets to perform the synchronization and backup of your files. You can find a link to Google's Privacy Policy below.

Neither the developers, nor any other third party have access to your Personal Data, as it is otherwise never transferred from your Device to another location.

## Security of Data

The security of your data is very important to us, which is why Sheets only uses the minimal amount of data required to provide its basic and optional functionalities. 

The basic local PDF management functionality offered by Sheets does not require any Personal Data.

The authorization information described above that is generated for the Sync functionality is securely stored inside of your Device's local keychain. You can choose to delete this information from the keychain at any point in time via the app's settings.

The transmission of the authorization credentials to the Google Drive API as well as the actual data transfer during file downloads and uploads is handled by Google's own native library.

Please keep in mind that no transmission method of data over the internet is 100% secure and while we strive to keep your data as secure as possible, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you want to be informed about, correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

#### The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you
You can access, update or delete your Personal Data directly within the settings of the Sheets App. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.

#### The right of rectification
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.

#### The right to object
You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data.

#### The right of restriction
You have the right to request that the processing of your personal information is restricted.

#### The right to data portability
You have the right to be provided with a copy of personal information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.

#### The right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.


It shall be reiterated that we do not collect or process any Personal Data when you use Sheets outside of your Device.

## Service Providers

### Google

Sheets uses the [Google Drive API](https://developers.google.com/drive/api/v3/about-auth) in order to provide its Sync functionality. A Google account is required for this optional feature. Please refer to Google's [Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en) for more information on how Google might collect and process your data while you use Sheets.

### Apple

Apple might collect data while you are using Sheets on your Apple device. You can find more details on that in their [Privacy Policy](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/de-ww/).

## Links to Other Sites

Sheets may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on any of these links, you will be redirected to that third party's site. You should always review the Privacy Policy of each site you visit. 

We hold no responsibility for the content or policies of any such third party site or service.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by updating the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You should periodically check for changes to this Privacy Policy.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please [contact us](http://www.keiwando.com/contact).

By email: keiwan.donyagard@gmail.com


